README.md, before:

<!-- <p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Satelliting/Sats-Splinterlands-Bot/main/website/logo.png" alt="Sat's Splinterlands Bot" />
</p> -->

# Sat's Splinterlands Bot

A Splinterlands Bot built in Python utilizing playwright. Join us on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z) to get the latest update, news and support from other players.

- [How To Install](#how-to-install)
- [How To Run](#how-to-run)
- [How To Update](#how-to-update)
- [F.A.Q.](#f.a.q.)
- [Premium Accounts](#premium-accounts)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z)

## How To Install

When downloading Python, ensure you enable Python to be added to PATH and you install for all users.

1. Download [Python (3.9.x)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-397/) NOT 3.10+
2. Download files
3. Convert `.env-example` to `.env`
4. Type `pip install pipenv` into Command Line Prompt (cmd)
5. Navigate your Command Line Prompt (cmd) to the folder where the bot
6. Type `pipenv install` to install all dependencies
7. Type `pipenv shell` to step into Virtual Environment
8. Type `playwright install chromium` to download the necessary browser

## How To Run

1. Open Command Line Prompt (cmd) in folder (or navigate to folder)
2. Type `pipenv run python main.py`

## How To Update

1. Open Command Line Prompt (cmd) in folder (or navigate to folder)
2. Type `pipenv install --ignore-pipfile` to install all dependencies (only needed to be done once after updates or install)

## F.A.Q.

- How many decks does this come with?
  - At launch, the Battlebase will have over 65,000 possibilities of decks that it searches through. Premium members will be able to access the ever-expanding database that is updated nightly. Some bots will claim to have more, but the Battlebase is all UNIQUE deck combinations, not unique battles _cough_ _cough_.
- Can this bot handle the infamous _Dragon_ splinter?
  - Yes! It handles it perfectly. It knows how to handle it based on which splinters are available as well, not just picking dragon and then clicking buttons. It is actually pretty smart, this bot is.
- Why doesn't the bot prioritize my quest?
  - Currently, the bot only can complete quests that deal with splinters. Neutral, Snipe, and Sneak quests are not accounted for at the moment.
- Do I need to have my account _premium_ to use the bot?
  - No. The bot is free to use. People who upgrade to premium will get access to private files via [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z)
- The bot is throwing errors, but is still running. Is that normal?
  - The current bot is our first couple editions. There may be kinks we need to sort out, so please send us screenshots and any details you can and we will work to remedy them. Feel free to report Issues to GitHub or on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z).
- What the hell is a Battlebase?
  - It's my fun name for the battle decks database.

## Premium Accounts

Premium accounts get the following benefits:

1. Access to Premium support on [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z)
2. Access to the ever-expanding online Battlebase which is updated and expanded nightly
   - (roughly 10,000 battles processed every night)
3. Multi-Account Automation (coming soon)

To turn your account into a Premium account, please reach out to `Satelliting#9231` on [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z).
Premium accounts price details can be found by visiting the [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z).

_Accounts is in reference to your Splinterlands accounts._

## Donations

This is a personal pet project my friend, `Fyedoe#1337`, suggested I try to make and here we go. This is arguably one of the best Splinterlands bots on the market, and we are just getting started. If you wish to donate as a way of saying thanks, please use the following addresses below.

- DEC: player `satelliting`
- BTC: `3Moq6DcBbkKttnoSipcKsSdsQEPVNSemPK`
- LTC: `LZCcCuFubtX4YLGS9CLe1DSvPuaYsuzrB3`
- ETH: `0xC08200E2A1F586c4AFb80ae5B5E8E9CE7Ef593eB`
- AXS: `0x89eff2a56dBD2D80e42F80AB481d961a21480114`
- XRP: `rH1csCD3yypLE7NdhPJT8wtEXWHeJwBUen`

<p align="center">
  This work is licensed under a <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.<br /><br />
  <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img src="https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" alt="Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License" /></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Initial release commit. + Fixed ECR wait time + Added website files for GitHub Pages + General Fixes for Error Handling + Moved models outside (for compilation ease) + Updated README.md + Forced username to be lowercase (no longer needed)

README.md, after:

<!-- <p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Satelliting/Sats-Splinterlands-Bot/main/website/logo.png" alt="Sat's Splinterlands Bot" />
</p> -->

# Sat's Splinterlands Bot

A Splinterlands Bot built in Python utilizing playwright. Join us on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z) to get the latest update, news and support from other players.

- [How To Install](#how-to-install)
- [How To Run](#how-to-run)
- [How To Update](#how-to-update)
- [F.A.Q.](#f.a.q.)
- [Premium Accounts](#premium-accounts)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z)

## UPDATE

Now, if you wish to not go through all the funky install below, simply go to [Releases](https://github.com/Satelliting/Sats-Splinterlands-Bot/releases) and download the version corresponding to your OS. As of now, only Windows and Linux Ubuntu OS are fully supported for .ZIP installation. You will still need to edit the `.env` file.

## How To Install

When downloading Python, ensure you enable Python to be added to PATH and you install for all users.

1. Download [Python (3.9.x)](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-397/) NOT 3.10+
2. Download files
3. Convert `.env-example` to `.env`
4. Make the changes within the `.env` to your liking. Include username, email, password. Email/Pass can be swapped for Username/Posting Key (just utilize the same variables).
5. Type `pip install pipenv` into Command Line Prompt (cmd)
6. Navigate your Command Line Prompt (cmd) to the folder where the bot
7. Type `pipenv install` to install all dependencies
8. Type `pipenv shell` to step into Virtual Environment
9. Type `playwright install chromium` to download the necessary browser

## How To Run

1. Open Command Line Prompt (cmd) in folder (or navigate to folder)
2. Type `pipenv run python main.py`

## How To Update

1. Open Command Line Prompt (cmd) in folder (or navigate to folder)
2. Type `pipenv install --ignore-pipfile` to install all dependencies (only needed to be done once after updates or install)

## F.A.Q.

- How many decks does this come with?
  - At launch, the Battlebase will have over 65,000 possibilities of decks that it searches through. Premium members will be able to access the ever-expanding database that is updated nightly. Some bots will claim to have more, but the Battlebase is all UNIQUE deck combinations, not unique battles _cough_ _cough_.
- Can this bot handle the infamous _Dragon_ splinter?
  - Yes! It handles it perfectly. It knows how to handle it based on which splinters are available as well, not just picking dragon and then clicking buttons. It is actually pretty smart, this bot is.
- Why doesn't the bot prioritize my quest?
  - Currently, the bot only can complete quests that deal with splinters. Neutral, Snipe, and Sneak quests are not accounted for at the moment.
- Do I need to have my account _premium_ to use the bot?
  - No. The bot is free to use. People who upgrade to premium will get access to private files via [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z)
- The bot is throwing errors, but is still running. Is that normal?
  - The current bot is our first couple editions. There may be kinks we need to sort out, so please send us screenshots and any details you can and we will work to remedy them. Feel free to report Issues to GitHub or on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z).
- What the hell is a Battlebase?
  - It's my fun name for the battle decks database.

## Premium Accounts

Premium accounts get the following benefits:

1. Access to Premium support on [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z)
2. Access to the ever-expanding online Battlebase which is updated and expanded nightly
   - (roughly 10,000 battles processed every night)
3. Multi-Account Automation (coming soon)

To turn your account into a Premium account, please reach out to `Satelliting#9231` on [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z).
Premium accounts price details can be found by visiting the [Discord](https://discord.gg/9SYtVSzu9z).

_Accounts is in reference to your Splinterlands accounts._

## Donations

This is a personal pet project my friend, `Fyedoe#1337`, suggested I try to make and here we go. This is arguably one of the best Splinterlands bots on the market, and we are just getting started. If you wish to donate as a way of saying thanks, please use the following addresses below.

- DEC: player `satelliting`
- BTC: `3Moq6DcBbkKttnoSipcKsSdsQEPVNSemPK`
- LTC: `LZCcCuFubtX4YLGS9CLe1DSvPuaYsuzrB3`
- ETH: `0xC08200E2A1F586c4AFb80ae5B5E8E9CE7Ef593eB`
- AXS: `0x89eff2a56dBD2D80e42F80AB481d961a21480114`
- XRP: `rH1csCD3yypLE7NdhPJT8wtEXWHeJwBUen`

<p align="center">
  This work is licensed under a <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.<br /><br />
  <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img src="https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" alt="Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License" /></a>
</p>
